# Udacity-DataProductManager
Flying Taxi Business Case [Final]: You’ve performed a lot of analysis on existing data and looked into the user research survey data for a flying car service, so now it’s time to come up with a product objective and KPIs, determine an MVP, and decide on how to assess the KPIs and gather feedback. Now, you’ll leverage your research from Part 1 and your other work here to create your product proposal.  All of your work should be done inside of the slide deck you created in the Midterm.  You will complete the tasks below, as per the project rubric:  Identifying KPIs and deciding on an MVP  Identify a product objective for Flyber's launch. Your product objective will guide your KPIs, so identify what Flyber should optimize for. Your objective should be centered around one of the following focus areas: User Acquisition User Engagement User Retention Profitability Explain your reasoning. Include both why you feel your focus area is more relevant than the others for Flyber at this time of the product development cycle. Formulate your KPIs Determine your hypotheses (where your KPIs need to go in order to determine product success) Determine the sample sizes &amp; time period needed to come to a conclusion on your hypotheses Create an instrumentation plan for the events you need collected and logged Create a qualitative feedback survey mechanism for users after their ride Creating the full Product Proposal  Identify the target population. Why did you select that target population? What are their pain points? Create a product proposal containing claims, evidence, and impact. Claims should be backed by evidence, and impact statements assess market needs/benefits and risks. In your risk analysis, note any other departments that should be involved. State any known unknowns around ensuring a successful product launch
